But before you start, take a minute and read these important instructions. They'll help you to really enjoy all the special features of the game. SPECIAL FEATURES OF TENNIS *SERVING AND VOLLEYING You can serve to any part of the court and your first serve is always "in". Also, you can never hit the ball to long (beyond your opponent's baseline or sidelines) or too short (into the net). Just like in real tennis, when you're volleying at the net, you'll notice that your shots don't travel as far as they do when you hit them from the baseline. Also, you'll be able to hit your most sharply-angled shots while playing at the net.
PLACING YOUR SHOTS you can aim and "place" the ball depending on how you hit it. The angle of your shot is controlled by where you hit the ball on your racket. If you hit the ball in the center of the racket, your shot will go straight forward. The closer you hit the ball to the edge of the racket, the sharper the angle will be in the direction your racket is facing. But you'll need to be careful. It's easy to attempt a sharply-angled shot and miss the ball entirely. There are a wide variety of angles to hit the ball. Experiment with them and you'll soon be able to precisely aim your shots and hit them out of reach of your opponent.
GETTING THE FEEL OF TENNIS get the feeling of the court, when to rush the net, when to lay back and play the baseline, and how the ball reacts when it's hit from various positions on your racket.
HOW TO BECOME A PRO AT TENNIS Alan Miller is a Senior Designer at Activision. A fierce video game competitor, he's the designer and undisputed champion of Checkers and Tennis by ACTIVISION. "My Activision Tennis, like real tennis, puts a premium on anticipation, reflexes, and conditioning. You really have to stay on your toes, try and anticipate where your opponent's shot will land, and get in position to return. "Practice moving quickly to the area where you think your opponent's shot will go. If you can do that, then you'll get a jump on placing your shot out of your opponent's reach. "For an extra tough challenge, try to serve and volley against the computer with the difficulty switches set on b. Hit a sharply-angled serve off the edge of your racket to either the right or left side, then move quickly about two-thirds of the way to the net."If you've anticipated properly, you can nail his return with a cross-court volley for a winner. But, guess wrong and he's passed you. This strategy demands a high level of concentration, razor-sharp reflexes, and lots of practice.
